README.md, before:

**ENSF 409 Final Project Group 13**
Please compile all java files in edu/ucalgary/ensf409 using 
mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar in the lib folder, and run Input.java including the same connector. Command line examples are given below for Windows: 

javac -cp .;lib/mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar; edu/ucalgary/ensf409/*.java

java -cp .;lib/mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar; edu.ucalgary.ensf409.Input

Please follow the prompts on screen to complete your order, inputs are case-sensitive.

Upon completing your order the required items will be printed in the command window, or if the order cannot be completed manufacturer names will be provided. 

OrderSummary.txt will also be created in the directory that was used to run the program, providing a convenient order form to be filled out. 

The DBURL, USER, and PASS variables in input.java can be modified to access a different database than the default.

All unit tests are provided in edu/ucalgary/ensf409/UnitTests, and can be ran using the files located in the lib folder.

Commit message:

added group name and members to documentation in all files. Added github link to README

README.md, after:

**ENSF 409 Final Project Group 13**
Please compile all java files in edu/ucalgary/ensf409 using mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar (in the lib folder), and run Input.java including the same connector. Command line examples are given below for Windows: 

javac -cp .;lib/mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar; edu/ucalgary/ensf409/*.java

java -cp .;lib/mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar; edu.ucalgary.ensf409.Input

Please follow the prompts on screen to complete your order.

Upon completing your order the required items will be printed in the command window, or if the order cannot be completed manufacturer names will be provided. 

OrderSummary.txt will also be created in the directory that was used to run the program, providing a convenient order form to be filled out. 

The DBURL, USER, and PASS variables in input.java can be modified to access a different database than the default.

All unit tests are provided in edu/ucalgary/ensf409/UnitTests, and can be ran using the files located in the lib folder after being moved to the ensf409 folder. (They are in a seperate folder to allow *.java, simplifying compilation)

Github Link: https://github.com/AdamPezoulas/supply-chain-management-AdamPezoulas
